[Music]
alright it is my birthday weekend along
with my roommate Perry's we decided that
we want to do something different Matt
invited 25 strangers to his birthday
party and I was awesome we made a lot of
new friends from that one so tonight the
goal is to pull a sleepover we realized
that as grown-ups we've never really got
to do that anymore so tonight you just
decide to invite all our friends and
have them invite all their friends and
see how many people we can fit in this
house to sleep tonight alright let's
let's get to I don't think we've ever
been this unorganized for a video before
here are the five things we need to do
before the party starts behind all our
gear so there's a bunch of computers
cleaning up getting rid of all this
stuff it's a message and call everyone
to make sure that we actually have
guests and we're gonna put a bunch of
mattresses everywhere and it's going to
be insane I Bruno
okay so Bruno since all the other guys
are gone you're gonna have to clean up
the house all right if you have time you
can put out my mattress out here so that
all the guests can come let me just
clean up your your eating area where you
eat like you left a bunch of your food
on the floor did you are you
understanding is he falling asleep okay
we're gonna call our friends right now
to see to get a head count we have no
idea how many people are coming it's a
little last minute to do this six six
o'clock
hey Sigrid this is Thomas good how you
doing unless you saw but we have a
sleepover party tonight I don't know if
you remember but we're having this
sleepover party tonight good just make
sure for about ten just bring like a
blanket or sleeping bag and then wear
pajamas or once I mean yeah I mean it's
it's your choice whatever your Shana ten
people you talk Swedes there's a party
and I just they they bring it every time
I'm calling my friends below Jeff she
said she was gonna bring a few friends
first call DC you guys may remember BC
from a certain episode we do oh my god
it's gonna be so [ __ ] funny I've
never been at a sleepover it's like I
was a boy scout so I went to camps and
stuff I'm actually this is my first ever
sleepover ever go get a bunch of popcorn
well what did you have as a kid you had
like a good good sweet move we're like a
candy we move out candy and FK popcorn
it's just good load up yeah she like
bubbles continue the tradition of doing
everything last minute today everyone's
coming over in 30 minutes and we're just
about to go shopping to buy everything
we need can you go get popcorn like
these like like popcorn like that all
right the party's starting in 10 minutes
so we got to get back faster train looks
like we got everything except the guest
[Music]
like a setup thank you
all right welcome everybody welcome to
the 506 house yesthey rehabs my name is
amar my friends and I make videos about
things that get us out of our comfort
zone welcome thank you for saying yes
thank you for coming and let's get the
night started
[Applause]
[Music]